DevSecOps stands for Developer, Security, and Operations. This practice is used to automate security protocols throughout the life cycle of software instead of implementing them at the end. Incorporating automated security features provides developers with insights of the code’s viability by providing feedback when bugs or errors occur. Through DevSecOps, awareness of issues during each phase of development is highlighted so developers can address them earlier. By implementing security features, the amount issues towards the end of the software’s lifecycle are lessened. This helps to promote a secure environment that facilitates continuous development and integration. 

For our project, a DevSecOps pipeline will be configured to handle distinct types of documentation. The pipeline will support plain text files, Word documents, PDFs, and PowerPoints. The problem, however, is that current pipelines are optimized for source code control, syntax error checking, code formatting standards, etc. There is no existing pipeline software that takes documentation from a git repository and executes actions on it. Our group will be constructing the infrastructure of a DevSevOps ecosystem that allows the passing of documentation through a pipeline. Since there are no current methods to process documentation in this manner. Our first challenge will be developing and implementing a process to handle these documents as they are uploaded. To accomplish this, software will need to be created to handle preprocessing the text from the files and converting it into input strings. Plugins to process the input string data can then be integrated to the pipeline. Through plugins, future validity checks for the documents can be executed. For example, plugins for grammatical, spelling, or broken links may be integrated in the future. It is imperative that the pipeline that is configured be able to seamlessly support the addition of these future plugins. Dashboards may then be implemented to provide users with a visual representation of what is occurring within the document. The user will then be made aware of any issues and recommended to update the file prior to resubmitting them to the pipeline. 
